save humans here who speaks is the
from cof
People, I just woke up to a career.
addressed by only I have resolved other
things
people grow up is not cool, the river is
cool, you always have to solve
some little thing and if it loses it does so
he goes to a business that deals there
they talk about that five o'clock in the afternoon -
and going at five o'clock get there
is sitting 6 waiting and never is
understood understood not to grow is not
cool but beauty, let's go because
matters right
It's funny because it breaks the brain.
Google and I got to do with the feat
to schedule two videos in the same
time as it was 2.0 in both
hours in the last two days two
hours of the afternoon arrived from ide as the
head of the committee did this stupidity too
do not know
I do not know, I do not know how I did it.
but I ended up doing it so I wanted to talk
for you
and there and see the event actually will not
leave one here and another here, which was a
video of harry potter ska donna karan
I'm looking for top because it had varies with all
the powers and also had a special
an hour a day of rope that we have
to do it all over again because we
died then of the applied in both and goes
There's sort of targeting a video but it 's not
This is what I'm going to tell people, I have to
Say something to you a lot.
important and I did not like it
guys 30th until the 3rd I go back in
sao paulo sao paulo capital to get there
guys there will host an event called
x 5 mega sena xml né personal knows by
cissé meaf so she has to get
if you live in greater sao paulo by
roundness has no way out
see sent in the corner for me was
send the chocolate can send a
Kiss can go there and relaxing.
of 181 I only took photo understood but you
Can you go there and talk to me?
my friends because she goes and sells the
rain or the rain is the biggest of the
type will so so but that's it guys
for anyone who wants to know how it works
what the year is
I'll leave the event link here at
description will be the first 21 leave the
sign up for you to click and see what day
that you can
another thing the staff asks a lot
This I'm going to answer to you here.
now
guys, I do not know what days I go
much less do I know if I go in all
understood is that is how we all live the people
speak do not know if I will in all but
it's going, right
It's always like this but it's not like that.
You know everybody, so I 'm not.
promising to you that I 'm going to
every day of the event but at least
A three or two I'm going to understand or not
you go there in one-on-one meets your
Duty to find you will get 60 70 79
putting a better deal is going to have to
Being an agent of the company, I also looked for
find we'll have a booth
to make anything for me that our
what we will be there then it is
very easy to find then the
event will last from people who at
less there you will find people
understood
and we do not leave there we stay there
waiting for you if we go on that day
what do you understand, this is how it works
complicated means will complicate the tube
better here O sink that was thorn is
one more clove because the worst is that when
I will so providing I do the blog
on a trip
I go on a trip only this time.
this event does not do old vlog type
that I always do
how well the pain I'm going to make a make
the blog I'll try to record type
enough for example the judgment
I record everything without recording and one day
video me but still calm
rest assured that you will have a lot of
25 because I'm going to do several tags
including buying a camera has
also confirmed that the caramba cover
also ruined my money no longer
has a lot to attack
business ran out of money but trusted
camera that will stay top the bed type of
quality show show she got the
bloggers use to tag us there
in the same hotel we always does
We're always at 10
to do this tag because then it was the
time of the mother who was there with the good people
challenge phase the pool is over the queue
well worth it more
several things that we did in the last
event in sao paulo
but this is another very important thing
It's even important that I have to
tell you
guys made time to enjoy myself actually
we could not follow in the INEP Turkey
inep is a mobile tool then
if you have your stones neps and
low nep puts the nets here
the research is INEP I can send
videos for example you
can
I can send videos a short time is
because the isn sucks the whole
small population but I can
send several videos understood is per day
When I want to speak truth, then it is
so when you are in São Paulo these
things I will not bring a blog from
travel for example here at the airport she
wait on the plane but the flight is delayed
now I'm in the pool now I'm
here in the crowd then the event will INEP
have it all then who did not get the
event can follow the inep can follow is
little inep will contain everything I'm
dieting like the name says to you
for you to see what's happening in
sao paulo and then stay connected understood
follow in the inep is of the coffee geek o
ha, beauty, this folks
This is the message I was going to give you not
forget to watch the videos I
I posted both because it has two videos
the two toro rosso up to 15 videos with
This complicated hitchhiker is missing a brain.
It's good, but what's this guys I hope?
that you can find there, give the arm
To send a photo, my mother did not have
a little picture brings a little box to me is
only these drawings do for me and
twitter can take everything for me that I will
take everything home and store everything here
and this is it people
I'm leaving now it's the end of the day in
hut or said and I need to leave yet
to solve big people's things
I hate being big people.
I have so enjoy your life
child enjoy when you do not have
Nothing to do is playing video games.
last Sunday factor
a and you can i can not
You can consume it so do that
it's good you will miss the ipi
You'll see that , people, the video stayed for
here I hope you have enjoyed
and he said okay and I went